Title: Inception
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: A thief who steals corporate secrets through the use of dream-sharing technology is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of a C.E.O.

Title: The Shawshank Redemption
Genre: Drama
Description: Two imprisoned men bond over a number of years, finding solace and eventual redemption through acts of common decency.

Title: The Godfather
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: The aging patriarch of an organized crime dynasty transfers control of his clandestine empire to his reluctant son.

Title: The Dark Knight
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: When the menace known as the Joker wreaks havoc and chaos on the people of Gotham, Batman must accept one of the greatest psychological and physical tests of his ability to fight injustice.

Title: Pulp Fiction
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: The lives of two mob hitmen, a boxer, a gangster and his wife, and a pair of diner bandits intertwine in four tales of violence and redemption.

Title: Schindler's List
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: In German-occupied Poland during World War II, Oskar Schindler gradually becomes concerned for his Jewish workforce after witnessing their persecution by the Nazis.

Title: The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: A meek Hobbit from the Shire and eight companions set out on a journey to destroy the powerful One Ring and save Middle-earth from the Dark Lord Sauron.

Title: Fight Club
Genre: Drama
Description: An insomniac office worker and a devil-may-care soap maker form an underground fight club that evolves into something much, much more.

Title: Forrest Gump
Genre: Drama, Romance
Description: The presidencies of Kennedy and Johnson, the events of Vietnam, Watergate, and other historical events unfold through the perspective of an Alabama man with an IQ of 75, whose only desire is to be reunited with his childhood sweetheart.

Title: Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: Luke Skywalker joins forces with a Jedi Knight, a cocky pilot, a Wookiee and two droids to save the galaxy from the Empire's world-destroying battle station, while also attempting to rescue Princess Leia from the mysterious Darth Vader.

Title: The Matrix
Genre: Action, Sci-Fi
Description: A computer hacker learns from mysterious rebels about the true nature of his reality and his role in the war against its controllers.

Title: Goodfellas
Genre: Biography, Crime, Drama
Description: The story of Henry Hill and his life in the mob, covering his relationship with his wife Karen Hill and his mob partners Jimmy Conway and Tommy DeVito in the Italian-American crime syndicate.

Title: The Silence of the Lambs
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: A young F.B.I. cadet must receive the help of an incarcerated and manipulative cannibal killer to help catch another serial killer, a madman who skins his victims.

Title: Gladiator
Genre: Action, Adventure, Drama
Description: A former Roman General sets out to exact vengeance against the corrupt emperor who murdered his family and sent him into slavery.

Title: Saving Private Ryan
Genre: Drama, War
Description: Following the Normandy Landings, a group of U.S. soldiers go behind enemy lines to retrieve a paratrooper whose brothers have been killed in action.

Title: The Green Mile
Genre: Crime, Drama, Fantasy
Description: The lives of guards on Death Row are affected by one of their charges: a black man accused of child murder and rape, yet who has a mysterious gift.

Title: The Departed
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: An undercover cop and a mole in the police attempt to identify each other while infiltrating an Irish gang in South Boston.

Title: Avatar
Genre: Action, Adventure, Fantasy
Description: A paraplegic Marine dispatched to the moon Pandora on a unique mission becomes torn between following his orders and protecting the world he feels is his home.

Title: The Intouchables
Genre: Biography, Comedy, Drama
Description: After he becomes a quadriplegic from a paragliding accident, an aristocrat hires a young man from the projects to be his caregiver.

Title: The Prestige
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Sci-Fi
Description: After a tragic accident, two stage magicians engage in a battle to create the ultimate illusion while sacrificing everything they have to outwit each other.

Title: The Pianist
Genre: Biography, Drama, Music
Description: A Polish Jewish musician struggles to survive the destruction of the Warsaw ghetto of World War II.

Title: Django Unchained
Genre: Drama, Western
Description: With the help of a German bounty hunter, a freed slave sets out to rescue his wife from a brutal Mississippi plantation owner.

Title: The Usual Suspects
Genre: Crime, Mystery, Thriller
Description: A sole survivor tells of the twisty events leading up to a horrific gun battle on a boat, which began when five criminals met at a seemingly random police lineup.

Title: Léon: The Professional
Genre: Action, Crime, Drama
Description: Mathilda, a 12-year-old girl, is reluctantly taken in by Léon, a professional assassin, after her family is murdered. Léon and Mathilda form an unusual relationship, as she becomes his protégée and learns the assassin's trade.

Title: City of God
Genre: Crime, Drama
Description: In the slums of Rio, two kids' paths diverge as one struggles to become a photographer and the other a kingpin.

Title: Life Is Beautiful
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance
Description: When an open-minded Jewish librarian and his son become victims of the Holocaust, he uses a perfect mixture of will, humor, and imagination to protect his son from the dangers around their camp.

Title: The Lion King
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Drama
Description: Lion cub and future king Simba searches for his identity. His eagerness to please others and penchant for testing his boundaries sometimes gets him into trouble.

Title: The Sixth Sense
Genre: Drama, Mystery, Thriller
Description: A boy who communicates with spirits seeks the help of a disheartened child psychologist.

Title: Spirited Away
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Family
Description: During her family's move to the suburbs, a sullen 10-year-old girl wanders into a world ruled by gods, witches, and spirits, and where humans are changed into beasts.

Title: American History X
Genre: Drama
Description: A former neo-nazi skinhead tries to prevent his younger brother from going down the same wrong path that he did.

Title: Terminator 2: Judgment Day
Genre: Action, Sci-Fi
Description: A cyborg, identical to the one who failed to kill Sarah Connor, must now protect her teenage son, John Connor, from a more advanced and powerful cyborg.

Title: The Shining
Genre: Drama, Horror
Description: A family heads to an isolated hotel for the winter where a sinister presence influences the father into violence, while his psychic son sees horrific forebodings from both past and future.

Title: Braveheart
Genre: Biography, Drama, History
Description: Scottish warrior William Wallace leads his countrymen in a rebellion to free his homeland from the tyranny of King Edward I of England.

Title: The Great Escape
Genre: Adventure, Drama, History
Description: Allied prisoners of war plan for several hundred of their number to escape from a German camp during World War II.

Title: Reservoir Dogs
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: When a simple jewelry heist goes horribly wrong, the surviving criminals begin to suspect that one of them is a police informant.

Title: Requiem for a Dream
Genre: Drama
Description: The drug-induced utopias of four Coney Island people are shattered when their addictions run deep.

Title: Toy Story
Genre: Animation, Adventure, Comedy
Description: A cowboy doll is profoundly threatened and jealous when a new spaceman figure supplants him as top toy in a boy's room.

Title: Das Boot
Genre: Action, Drama, Thriller
Description: The claustrophobic world of a WWII German U-boat; boredom, filth, and sheer terror.

Title: Monty Python and the Holy Grail
Genre: Adventure, Comedy, Fantasy
Description: King Arthur and his Knights of the Round Table embark on a surreal, low-budget search for the Holy Grail, encountering many, very silly obstacles.

Title: The Truman Show
Genre: Comedy, Drama, Sci-Fi
Description: An insurance salesman discovers his whole life is actually a reality TV show.

Title: Jurassic Park
Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi
Description: During a preview tour, a theme park suffers a major power breakdown that allows its cloned dinosaur exhibits to run amok.

Title: Fargo
Genre: Crime, Drama, Thriller
Description: Jerry Lundegaard's inept crime falls apart due to his and his henchmen's bungling and the persistent police work of the quite pregnant Marge Gunderson.

Title: Oldboy
Genre: Action, Drama, Mystery
Description: After being kidnapped and imprisoned for fifteen years, Oh Dae-Su is released, only to find that he must find his captor in five days.

Title: The Big Lebowski
Genre: Comedy, Crime, Sport
Description: Jeff "The Dude
